let's go yo babe I know my name all me
cleaning in the Board of Health I'm
three tops Nick good y'all nobody's on
sum of money bank anything you already
know misty we own the Reds Lee on the
red team I pray to you right now but
listen we go on in a way I dated a guy
we can change trash oh don't trip deep
he's not a hero he's done it's over oh I
think he still is this is a no more
hookers man I think I'm work bad guy
first our who names they read name or I
got fresh donation basket
they both look they're going to jump off
the back well we got right here I any
minute okay we got a champ okay we got
chant we got did good got Gus still got
champion
no see I wouldn't don't talk hey we re
top yeah top yo damaris babe believe me
I change I owe me feel the realest nigga
roaches through a chain its it and you
can the beauty and we don't think I'm
fabulous and we gonna make them know it
in the bag
lolz friends gonna play airball a shit
I'm doing here I'm going in i'm wearing
my handicap braces on my legs boy ain't
nobody in my chair soon i'm gonna show
you how to really ball over Court
painter riches but I'm proud to be a
thousandaire busy couple bands on my
feet no my hair my mama my mama what you
said